Charts: describe custom styles options (#4725)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/dataviz-chartscolor.md

> You can also specify a custom pattern or gradient instead of a plain color. Implement the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) or [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to get an id. Then, set the `fillId` field to the obtained id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify a custom pattern or gradient instead of a plain color. Call the [registerPattern()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerPatternoptions) or [registerGradient()](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/viz/#registerGradienttype_options) method to obtain a fill ID. Assign that value to the `fillId` field.
```
